- [Instructor] The ability to manage multiple versions
of an API definition is an important SwaggerHub feature
because it prevents us from breaking systems
that consume our APIs.
SwaggerHub allows us
to strategically version our API definitions
to deprecate old versions
To get started, let's publish the first version
of the customer API.
Publishing is performed when an API is deemed ready
at the top of our editor screen
If we click on that option, you'll see
that we can select the visibility of the API.
So you'll notice there's a standard
that must be applied for this numbering convention.
So we're going to use 2.0.0
and then we can specify whether
or not we would like it to be visible to the public
or whether we would like it to be private.
Since we're just working on this,
I'm going to set it to private so
that it's not publicly exposed for external consumption.
We can then go ahead and create this new version.
And you'll now notice that if we'd like
to make a change, we can go ahead and do that
because it hasn't been published yet.
So let's make some enhancements to our API definition.
You'll notice that we have the name property
and it's not really not a good idea
to have the first and last name in the same field.
So let's change this over to first name
and we'll make that John.
And then we're going to add a last name property
of type string and for the example,
we can specify that it's John Smith.
And then here, we'll need to update our required properties.
So we can switch that over to first name and then last name.
And at this point, our API definition should be valid.
And we will be able to see the changes
within our interactive API documentation,
including our schema section,
which defines these two new required properties.
Okay, so our changes have been made.
Let's go ahead and save them.
So at this point, they are saved within SwaggerHub
and we're ready to publish this new API version.
So all we have to do is click on publish API
and I think it's ready for primetime.
So let's open it up outside of our organization.
So we'll switch it over to public
and then click on publish version.
Okay, so at this point, we now have two versions of our API.
When we have multiple versions of an API,
SwaggerHub provides an extremely nice feature.
Here you'll see the compare versions tool that's located
underneath the version number within the editor.
Within this tool, we see a diff
of the two different API versions so
that we can easily see what's different between them.
You'll also notice that SwaggerHub has
automatically updated the version of our new API definition.
And if we would like, we can go ahead
and apply changes within this diff tool.
Now I'm not going to revert back to our first version.
So I'll go ahead and undo this option and then cancel out.
So in this lesson, we saw how to publish versions
of our API definitions and how to diff them to see changes.